[DOC] Update Traces Drilldown doc for GA (#434)
grafana/traces-drilldown: docs/sources/get-started/_index.md

For this, you need to compare the errors in the traces to locate the problem trace.
Here's how this works.

### Choose the level of data and a metric

> To identify the troublespot, you want to use raw tracing data instead of just the root span, which is the first span of every trace.

Reviewer: Should `troublespot` be two words?

Author: ```suggestion
To identify the trouble spot, you want to use raw tracing data instead of just the root span, which is the first span of every trace.
```

Select **All spans** in the Filters, then choose the **Errors** metric.

> Use **All spans** to gain insight into the errors in the root of your traces or at the edge of your application.

Author: ```suggestion
```
